Add documentation for structural queries (#1367)
hashintel/hash: packages/graph/hash_graph/doc/structural-queries.md

```json5
{
  filter: {
    // ...
  },
  graphResolveDepths: {
    // ...
  },
}
```

## Filter

The filters are used to determine which root vertices will be included in the subgraph. A filter is composed of a set of condition of parameters and paths. A path is a sequence of steps that describe a path through the Graph. Depending on the type of the query the path will either start at an entity or a type. A parameter is a user defined variable that can be used to parameterize the query. As conditions, currently, equality and inequality conditions are supported.

A path is a sequence of identifiers to describe a path based on the query type. For example, each type has a `baseUri` component that can be used to identify the type. If a query is supposed to filter all entity types, which have the URI `https://example.com/foo/`, the filter would look like

```json5
{
  filter: {
    equal: [{ path: ["baseUri"] }, { parameter: "https://example.com/foo/" }],
  },
}
```

Currently, three different parameter types can be specified: booleans, numbers, and strings.

### Composability

> Filters can be composed, so it's possible to match on more than one query. Currently, three different compositions are supported: `all`, `any` and `not`. The `all` composition will match if all conditions are true. The `any` composition will match if at least one condition is true. The `not` composition will match if the condition is false.

Reviewer: nit:
Perhaps it would be useful to write that the `all` and `any` compositions are equivalent to having `&&` or `||` between the conditions? Don't think it's hard to understand this as-is, though

```json5
{
  filter: {
    all: [
      {
        notEqual: [{ path: ["description"] }, null],
      },
      {
        not: {
          equal: [{ path: ["title"] }, { parameter: "Foo" }],
        },
      },
    ],
  },
}
```

An empty `all` filter will always match. An empty `any` filter will never match.

> ## Depth

Reviewer: This section doesn't mention `entity` query depth, but only ontology. Should we make this clear by the title here, or should we add a section talking about the entity resolve depth (links)?

if a query on `EntityType1` is made with the following depths:

```json5
{
  filter: {
    // ...
  },
  graphResolveDepths: {
    dataTypeResolveDepth: 1,
    propertyTypeResolveDepth: 3,
    entityTypeResolveDepth: 1,
    entityResolveDepth: 0,
  },
}
```

then the returned subgraph will be:

- `referenced_entity_types`: \[`EntityType2`]
- `referenced_property_types`: \[`PropertyType1`, `PropertyType2`, `PropertyType3`]
- `referenced_data_types`: \[`DataType1`, `DataType2`]

Please note, that all depth parameters has to be passed each time a query is made to prevent unexpected results.

# Commonly used queries

This section covers a few commonly used queries. It's leaving out the depth parameter for brevity.

For an exhaustive list of all supported paths, please generate the Rust documentation and refer to the documentation of `DataTypeQueryPath`, `PropertyTypeQueryPath`, `EntityTypeQueryPath`, and `EntityQueryPath`.

## Get a specific type

```json5
{
  filter: {
    all: [
      {
        equal: [
          { path: ["baseUri"] },
          { parameter: "{{base_uri_of_desired_type}}" },
        ],
      },
      {
        equal: [
          { path: ["version"] },

>           { parameter: {{version_of_desired_type}} },

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
          { parameter: "{{version_of_desired_type}}" },
```

Author: The version of a type is an integer, so I left out the `"` here.

        ],
      },
    ],
  },
  graphResolveDepths: {
    // ...
  },
}
```

> ## Get all entities owned by a specific user
> 
> ```json5
> {
>   filter: {
>     equal: [{ path: ["ownedById"] }, { parameter: "{{user_id}}" }],

Reviewer: Should we use the word account here?
```suggestion
## Get all entities owned by a specific account

```json5
{
  filter: {
    equal: [{ path: ["ownedById"] }, { parameter: "{{account_id}}" }],
```
